Add 3.4.1 release notes (#5702)
medic/medic: release-notes/docs/3.4.1.md

# 3.4.1 Release Notes

## Bug fixes

### Unicode form codes not clearing schedules

> When using unicode in a form code our software failed to find the right schedules to clear so unwanted messages were being sent. This affects versions from 3.0.0 to 3.4.0. [medic#5698](https://github.com/medic/medic/issues/5698)

Reviewer: May be worth noting that the problem is in using non-Latin characters?

```suggestion
When using non-Latin characters in a form code our software failed to find the right schedules to clear so unwanted messages were being sent. This affects versions from 3.0.0 to 3.4.0. [medic#5698](https://github.com/medic/medic/issues/5698)
```
